Uploading Files with TFTP
During a Penetration Test, we can use
TFTP to transfer files
from older Windows Operatinng Systems
up to Windows XP and 2003.
This is a terrific tool for
non-interactive file transfer
But it's not installed by default on
systems running Windows 7
Windows 2008 and newer.
For these reasons, TFTP is not an ideal
file transfer protocol
for most situations.
but under the right circumstances, it has
its advantages.
Before we learn how to transfer files
with TFTP,
we first need to install and configure
a TFTP server in Kali.
We also need to create a directory to
serve files and configure its permissions.
Now we will run atftpd, the TFTP server,
as a daemon on UDP port 69…
…and direct it to serve files from
the /tftp directory.
As we did before, we'll reuse one of the
binaries we previously uploaded
to the victim machine to simulate data
exfiltration
We’ll run the tftp client with -i to
specify a binary image transfer
followed by the IP address of
our Kali system.
Then, we provide the put command to
request an upload,
and pass the filename of the file
to transfer.
Great, we now have yet another technique
to transfer files to a compromised system.